docs:#1469 add guidance on risks with topic recovery (#1517)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/shared/tiered-storage/_remote-recovery.mdx

When you create a topic, you can use remote recovery to download the topic data from object storage. You can also use remote recovery to restore a topic that was deleted from a cluster.

:::caution

> Recovery with `redpanda.remote.write` is not a general data movement tool. It is only safe when no other clusters are still writing to that bucket or container. Recovery does not provide snapshot-style consistency: some partitions in some topics will be more up to date than others. For example, restoring a consumer offsets topic could have offsets that point ahead of the restored data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recovery with `redpanda.remote.write` is not a recommended general data movement method, and is only safe to use when no other clusters are still writing to the specified bucket or container. Recovery does not provide snapshot-style consistency: some partitions in some topics will be more up to date than others. For example, restoring a consumer offsets topic could have offsets that point ahead of the restored data.
```
